Davicho Barona: Hey guys, welcome!
Davicho Barona: Welcome, welcome.
Davicho Barona: Another Wednesday sesh… As usual, we're just gonna wait for one second here, let folks trickle in.
Davicho Barona: As we, as we just kind of hang out for a couple minutes here,
Davicho Barona: Anyone that's already here, hey, Elle, I love seeing, familiar faces, awesome.
Davicho Barona: As we kind of just wait for a few more, Folks,
Davicho Barona: I'm trying to just allow everybody to talk, so please just, shout out any questions you may have, anything that is,
Davicho Barona: That's happening with your process, anything that you're seeing is a problem, anything that's really great that you found,
Davicho Barona: yeah, please feel free to, speak out. Today, I'm just going to go over, seeds, which actually…
Davicho Barona: we call them seeds internally, but really, they're kind of these starting points that you see in the Discover page.
Davicho Barona: In your homepage.
Davicho Barona: So I want to talk about those, because I've been spending a lot of time, there. Let me make sure the chats are open. Sorry, guys, one second…
Davicho Barona: Okay, Chech.
Davicho Barona: should be open. Your platform is stuck, Charlie.
Davicho Barona: I see that there. Tell me a little bit more. Can you unmute yourself and just tell me a little bit more?
Charlie King: Hey, how you doing, man? Yeah, stopping, how you doing?
Charlie King: So, I started using, I started using the, the platform about,
Charlie King: Since about 6 months ago?
Charlie King: And, the problem I've been having is basically reconciling a lot of the, a lot of the, tokens that I've been purchasing.
Charlie King: And for some reason, I haven't been able to reactivate them again, and as we speak right now,
Charlie King: I… I actually don't know how to handle that, and I don't know
Charlie King: Even the, even the,
Charlie King: what I've actually, paid for is… doesn't seem to be active at all, so…
Davicho Barona: Huh. So…
Charlie King: No, very, very, very, very young.
Davicho Barona: No, I know, I usually,
Davicho Barona: I usually will defer this to customer support, because I can't get in there very well, but I want to understand a little bit more about your problem before I just send you off to somewhere else. So, you have purchased credits, you have an account.
Davicho Barona: You have purchased a subscription tier.
Davicho Barona: And you are not able to use the credits you have, or you're not able to add more credits because you've used.
Charlie King: Even the, even the credits that right now seem to be, replenished from the previous, previous sessions, I can't seem to access that at all.
Davicho Barona: You can't seem to access… The boards, the creations.
Charlie King: Give me a sec, I'm just trying to see, someone just sent us something real quick here.
Charlie King: A CK,
Charlie King: It's just.
Davicho Barona: Noel, I do speak Spanish.
Charlie King: And I was just thinking that, somebody mentioned here that,
Charlie King: the Dream Machine account instead of Luma.
Charlie King: Agus sub, okay.
Charlie King: Yeah, is that…
Davicho Barona: Are you maybe looking at two different things here? I'm gonna share my screen.
Charlie King: That, that explains a lot.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, maybe that's… is that what's happening? You have two different… Two different accounts going on?
Charlie King: So, which is which, so, if you look at…
Davicho Barona: If you're looking at… Dream Machine looks like this.
Charlie King: Yeah.
Davicho Barona: Right? This is Dream Machine, this is what it looks like.
Davicho Barona: And this is what…
Charlie King: Ruma, that's where I'm at.
Davicho Barona: This is where you are, so you are…
Charlie King: Yeah, that's where I'm at, yeah Okay.
Davicho Barona: And you have an account here?
Charlie King: No, on the other way, huh? The other way around.
Davicho Barona: Okay, okay, so you only have an account here. Okay, so you should be, able to see…
Davicho Barona: If you go, you know, if you go into your…
Davicho Barona: billing, you should be able to see your plan and your credits. Are you able to see any of that there?
Charlie King: Do it right away, just give me a sec.
Davicho Barona: And then after this.
Charlie King: So, yeah, you can tweet me out to Andrew.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, after this, I think it would probably be best to kind of take this offline. Gotcha. Yeah, and Arturo also is mentioning some stuff here on the chat, just to, you know, the billing tab, etc.
Davicho Barona: But yeah, let's… let's figure that out. If you don't mind emailing.
Charlie King: No problem. Go ahead and watch your joint, we'll basically pick up a little later. That's no problem.
Davicho Barona: Here's Artur's email. He will connect you with the right folks in customer support. He can also,
Davicho Barona: Yeah, we'll get you sorted.
Charlie King: I appreciate it, appreciate it. Thanks a lot.
Davicho Barona: You bet.
Davicho Barona: Okay, and okay, yeah, so I'm going to go through…
Davicho Barona: Just talking about seeds, which… that's what we call them internally.
Davicho Barona: But if you go into the Discover page, let me make this sharing a little bit cleaner here.
Davicho Barona: If you go into the Discover page here, right, so you are,
Davicho Barona: Artur and Sharky, if you could monitor the chats, that'd be awesome, because I can't see them on my screen. So…
Davicho Barona: If you are here on the homepage, right, this is where you land when you, when you jump into the app. You may land into boards. This is where all your own boards live.
Davicho Barona: But there's this Discover page, and I just want to get you guys familiar with this, and why it's kind of important, and what it does, and what are all these little…
Davicho Barona: Starting points here, which, again, internally, we call these seeds.
Davicho Barona: But what they are is they're little, workflows that are packed into one particular chat of the agent. So that agent is loaded with a,
Davicho Barona: let's call it a skill or a strategy that it is basically programmed to start with. Now, it's just like any other board, except for that. That part of it is what's locked in. So, as soon as I open any one of these.
Davicho Barona: it's gonna launch a seed board. This now is going to be your board. Now this is… this is now part of your boards. So if I back out of here, and you go to your board section, you're now gonna see this active as one of your boards, as if you had created it. When you jump in, you'll see the agent is going to start asking you.
Davicho Barona: To do things. Basically, at first, it's gonna ask you to drop some assets here. In this case, this is like the seasonal product campaign. So this, if you're in branding, if you're in advertising or marketing, and you're dealing with any products, or actually, to be honest with you, you could sneak by a lot of different things. You could put a character in here, you could do all kinds of stuff here. The whole point of this, and you'll see it as you just, you know, you're gonna see this kind of, like.
Davicho Barona: Welcome structure here on the left.
Davicho Barona: And so you're gonna be able to see, like, what this does. So here, it's like, I take a product photo, turn it into a fully seasonal campaign, I give you 12-plus styled images that span different visual styles and tones and themes according to whatever campaign, whatever season you choose. So it's like, here, you know, you're gonna see…
Davicho Barona: It's gonna kind of ask you, like, okay, drop your photo, tell me what the season, or the vibe, or what event you're going for. And in the back, under the hood here, it has a particular strategy that is crafted and made, like, let's say a workflow. It's a repeatable workflow that's crafted and made around this one particular task. Now, if you start a new chat here.
Davicho Barona: If I start a new chat, this new chat, whatever it may be, now is void of any of that history and any of that strategy. So now you can continue on and make your board just like you would otherwise, like, this is now just a board. You can literally forget about any of this if you start a new chat. Whenever you go back into that original chat, this is where you're dealing with that particular workflow.
Davicho Barona: I'm gonna exit out of this one here in particular, and I'm gonna show you how I kind of tend to use these seeds. So, again, back here in this Discover page, and you're gonna see this updated, like, almost daily. My goal is to add one of these new workflows per day in here, and they're… they span the full kind of gamut of categories. These down here are ones that we're still kind of auditing and fixing and changing and making some additions to.
Davicho Barona: But you'll see the ones that are kind of drifting towards the top. They're a little bit more uniform in look and feel. These are the ones that…
Davicho Barona: we're kind of just putting out there, and are starting to craft them more around requests from users, teams, etc, that are kind of, showing us and giving us feedback that these are the kind of workflows that they're looking for. In any case, you're going to see them around advertising, around products, around brand identity, around character, and, like, more filmmaking use cases.
Davicho Barona: Some, some will have animations included in them, some will be around, sort of, more social media-oriented, creators, etc. So, just, you'll kind of see a full gamut. You'll see the categories up top here, like, you'll see, like, a branding category.
Davicho Barona: characters, category, design, e-commerce, illustration, marketing, photography. And keep in mind, this is really kind of a new initiative still for us, so we're still,
Davicho Barona: Wrapping our head around what the best way to do this is, and what it is that you guys are looking for the most.
Davicho Barona: And how we can best, build out this feature of, these kind of repeatable workflow seeds. Now, the way that I tend to use them is I try to… I almost, like, chain them together a little bit. So, in… I'll show you in this one case, first I started
Davicho Barona: way out in one of my own boards. I brought this image here. I actually created this in Midjourney at some point a long time ago, and I really liked it. I wanted to make this, like, literally a package, like packaging for some kind of crazy kind of snack product, or something like this. So I brought this into, into Luma, and basically just said, generate different snack product packaging from this reference image.
Davicho Barona: I basically asked to just analyze it and then create a… and you can, you know, you can prompt this in many different ways. The whole point is taking this image and turning it into different snack packaging, images. So, I went through some iterations here. At the end, I landed on some of my favorites here, and I'm gonna use this one called, which I called Monster Snacks.
Davicho Barona: It's like a very premium-looking bag. It even has, like, almost like a stitched, label on it.
Davicho Barona: So I really like this. I copied this, brought it over into the product to photo, product photo to UGC, which is, this seed right here. So I opened that up.
Davicho Barona: And once you go through the flow, it just says, hey, drop your product above, you can also drop a selfie character, or a photo of a person if you want, then click to select it, and then just tell me to run.
Davicho Barona: And so when you first come in here, the agent greets you like, hey, I'm your agent, and this is where we're going to be making these UGC-style visuals for social. Do you have a product in mind, an image, or even just a description? You want to use a sample that's on the board, like, if you just wanted to use one of these just in case you don't have something and you just want to test out this workflow, that's fine. Then there's a little spot, it's like, hey, drop your product above
Davicho Barona: That's where I dropped my, image here.
Davicho Barona: And then from here, it starts… once you say, you know, you select it, and then I just said, use this as the instructions tell me here. So in here, you know, I just selected it, said, you know, use this, and that's kind of where I am here in this chat, right? Like, greeting, then I've dropped it, selected it, said, use this, just like the instructions told me. Then it's like, okay, cool, snack packaging, great.
Davicho Barona: This is gonna be awesome, whatever. It gives you a little choice here. Usually, this is how all of these workflows are set up. You're gonna get a bunch of choices.
Davicho Barona: like, okay, here's some theme directions for this snack. Like, it'll give you… it'll give you some choices.
Davicho Barona: That it has baked in, or it'll be like, you know, just, you want me to surprise you? Like, I'll just pick something for you that I think fits this product really well, and let's go from there. Or you can always just have a choice of, like, describe what you want. Like, maybe none of these really work, I have a particular shot in mind, or a particular direction in mind, I'm gonna just describe it. In any case, I picked surprise me. Then it was like, okay, I'm gonna surprise you with this, like.
Davicho Barona: gas station glow-up.
Davicho Barona: theme. Like, road trip, pit stop, kind of, like, unfashioned moment, unexpected, very kind of shareable moment. Cool. So it was like, now you pick the look after it's… it's cemented that gas station glow up.
Davicho Barona: So I actually was like, okay, I don't actually want any of these looks that you're giving me here. I'm gonna select this one to just tell you exactly what I want.
Davicho Barona: And so I was like, okay, now describe a different direction.
Davicho Barona: And then I just described something very specific, and this is the way that I love to use it. I just said this needs to have a skater magazine look to it, like early 2000s, but it should feel like a Roger Rabbit type of situation, where you have some realism mixed with some, cartoons, right? So, I just kind of said mixed media with 2D
Davicho Barona: and photorealism.
Davicho Barona: And then from there, I was like, okay, locked in, let's make this. I'm gonna start with 3 posts, all 9 to 16, since this is very much for social.
Davicho Barona: and, kind of locked in the persona here, Gen Z. It kind of gave me all of this, from those choices before, from what this seed is meant to lock in. So it gives me these different, parameters here.
Davicho Barona: And then, it just asked me to, like, you know, do I want to see all of these 3 posts in parallel? Do you want me to preview one for you? Do you want me to change the direction a little bit?
Davicho Barona: I actually just went for all three, and then it's finally given me these really cool outputs here, which are truly mixing the elements I want. Remember, this is this gas station glow-up theme, and so I'm… but I want it to be, like, anime 2000s. I can't remember exactly what I said. It was, like, Skater Magazine, but it should feel like it's combined with 2D and realism. And so it actually kind of went and picked the anime type
Davicho Barona: of look for the cartoons that I wanted, which actually works for me, but I could have gone in there and tweaked it. At any time, you can kind of stop the agent here and just say, like, hey, this isn't right, I want you to, like, tweak it into this other direction, or whatever. So then I get these results. I ask for more, like, let me see more of these results.
Davicho Barona: And I start getting, some really great stuff, actually. And from here, what I did is I actually downloaded one of these images.
Davicho Barona: I think it was this one, and I brought it into a different seed, which was this product add VFX pack, which actually happens to have the same image as the example output, that's just a coincidence. I brought in that image here.
Davicho Barona: into this seed, which is, if you go back into this, into this area, it's this seed right here, this Create Product Add VFX seed. So, opened that guy up, brought in that image that I created with that other seed based on that original packaging I made,
Davicho Barona: And then from here, it's like, it just guides me through the process of, first, it's going to create these, like, new,
Davicho Barona: end frames, basically, because it's gonna animate from a start frame to the end frame, in order to keep it as controlled as possible. And so it first starts generating some options of what this could look like.
Davicho Barona: like, what this video could end like. And it starts giving me different options according… I'm just walking through that same process, you know? It's, like, very much multiple choice, and you're always… you should always have this option of just, like, tell me what you want. If you don't like any of these options, just tell me what it is that you want, and we'll go from there.
Davicho Barona: In any case, from there, it starts creating more… I… I also guide it to create more and more, according to my taste, and maybe what I… what I'm kind of seeing as outputs.
Davicho Barona: And then it's… by the end of it, it's just, okay, let's animate this. So now, I'm starting to animate that it starts with my original start frame.
Davicho Barona: and then it ends in one of these end frames that it created, right? So it's a keyframe animation, which means you're gonna have the most control. You're starting with the image you fed it, and then it's gonna go through those 5 seconds.
Davicho Barona: And it's gonna then end with the image that you created in this seed as your end frame. And it's just gonna create a bunch of different videos here. These are not super expensive, because they're all 5 seconds. If you want something longer, just tell the agent to change.
Davicho Barona: kind of switch it up, even within this seed. But you're gonna be able to see kind of a bunch of different options here for the different ways that it's gonna animate it according to those start and end frames that you gave it. So.
Davicho Barona: this is just kind of a basic overview of how I tend to use seeds, and what seeds sort of are, and again, I'm calling these seeds because that's, like, the internal name, but really, these are kind of, like, bottled up
Davicho Barona: workflows inside of these starting point boards, which then again, as soon as you add another chat here, this new chat, or however many chats you want to add, this is now void of that workflow memory. Now, you can turn this into a normal board, you have all this stuff in here.
Davicho Barona: I can just keep going from here, add more stuff, and…
Davicho Barona: when I back out of this, you'll see that this is now just another board in your board's arsenal, and for me, it kind of lives down here now, since I didn't make any changes. But yeah, like, this is now… it's just another board, you know? When I open it, I see it as a board here. Yes, it has this preloaded, chat here, which has that workflow, but again, this is now just another board.
Davicho Barona: in your boards. And that happens with every single seed. Any questions on this, on this, like, seed
Davicho Barona: slash starting point.
Davicho Barona: Discover concept.
Charlie King: One quick one was there, but about being able to have maybe one or two choices, in case you have, you know, about what next, you look at the what next there.
Davicho Barona: Wait, say it again?
Charlie King: If we had… were we able to make more than two choices when it comes to,
Charlie King: The choices we have for, making the next moves.
Davicho Barona: Like, these choices right here?
Charlie King: Exactly, exactly.
Charlie King: Because I see, I see you can only take one at a time.
Davicho Barona: Yes, you can, actually, and that… and the way that I do that is just telling the agent.
Davicho Barona: to do it. Like, sometimes I say, let's… try…
Charlie King: COVID.
Davicho Barona: Or something like that, right? Yeah, let's try everything. Or I just say, let's try…
Davicho Barona: you know, whatever, in this case, 3A and 3C with Ray 3.14, and redesign. I actually will just write it down. It's not a very pretty solution, like, I don't have a,
Davicho Barona: you know, a way to just kind of select it, but I just kind of talk to the agent, or I say, like, I don't like any of these, give me different choices. And it will, you know, it will readjust. So, yeah, I just talk to the agent. I literally just kind of do it on…
Charlie King: Well, it gets kind of proactive in a way, because you can actually talk with the agent. Yeah. Also, it gets to learn what type of things, what kind of trajectory you're trying to head out from, so I think… Yes.
Davicho Barona: And it lets you redirect it into a new potential.
Charlie King: the two new potential, right.
Charlie King: Yes.
Davicho Barona: And then if you really want a totally new path, then, like I said, you just kind of open up a new chat, and all of a sudden, all of that workflow history kind of went out. It's just, like.
Davicho Barona: isolated to this… this chat, and then I can, you know, like, if I want to select this and go into new chat and just say something completely different that doesn't have anything to do with that other workflow, then that's no problem either. But yeah, it's flexible that way.
Davicho Barona: Any other questions about this?
Davicho Barona: About this little…
Davicho Barona: little but mighty feature that we have now, and that is, is kind of growing quite a bit.
Davicho Barona: In fact, do you guys have… I just would like to know if you guys have played with this at all, if it's something you focus on at all. Or do you just kind of bypass it and just go straight to your boards because maybe you didn't… you don't…
Davicho Barona: it's too much to get into or something, or it seems a little bit kind of random, like, what are your thoughts on it? If anybody could give me your…
Davicho Barona: Just, like, honest feedback on that, that would be great, actually.
Charlie King: Great, can I just jump in real quick? Of course.
Charlie King: I am actually in the music space, so what I'm actually doing is actually not using it for directly
Charlie King: For advertisement, it's more like product placement. Okay. And so, I'm using this… I'm using the platform for exactly that. So, I hadn't really, taken any time to look into this, because my…
Charlie King: mind was on a different, different level, but now that I have this option, it kind of, like, clearly brings a little bit much more to, say, for instance, if I'm building a spot for, say, say for a festival, so I can easily be able to
Charlie King: get more, in-detail, product placement and zones, for example, and to work with, so this is real good for me.
Davicho Barona: That's awesome.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, and… you know, in some cases, too, like, you can just tell it to add audio, right? Because…
Davicho Barona: Like, for example, this… this animate… animated seed here, the Create Product Add VFX, I think it's programmed to use Kling 3, and Kling 3 will handle audio. So you can also, whenever you're animating anything, ask for audio if it's not included already.
Davicho Barona: Ask to add audio if you, if you need to, and just experiment.
Charlie King: Yes, mine was extremely, extremely, helpful when it came to doing my first, my first pitch, which I just did right now for Range Rover.
Charlie King: And, it… it helped me with the… with the semblance of the kind of…
Charlie King: feeling on the video as well, so it built, it built its own, its own process that I didn't have to actually
Charlie King: I didn't have to actually work with the LG. So, the LG just came automatic, and it was right on point.
Charlie King: It was violent fling.
Davicho Barona: That's awesome. That's great to hear. Also, something I will say that's really helpful about audio.
Davicho Barona: is you can upload pretty much any song, for example, and split it up into stems directly in here, and then put it back together without certain stems, if you want to. It's really helpful. I'm still trying to figure out what the best way of splitting up a
Davicho Barona: the audio that's been created for a video, like, with either Veo or with Kling, like, can I take the audio that you
Davicho Barona: built with this video generation, can I extract that audio, and can I split that up? I'm having a little bit harder time doing that, you know, like, for example, if there's a
Davicho Barona: huge beast that's roaring, but there happens to be a score behind it, kind of, that randomly got created, but I don't want that score. Can I remove that, and just keep the timed sound effects of the beast roaring, or whatever, without that? So I'm still kind of figuring out some of those things.
Charlie King: For my case, the sound effects were actually separated.
Davicho Barona: Okay, so you added them in, yeah.
Charlie King: So, I mean, they just came up by default.
Charlie King: They're just gonna… what? Yeah, the effects were laid on by default, so the mainframe
Charlie King: The theme of the music was on its own. The sound effects were all separate.
Charlie King: So, what you're saying is correct.
Charlie King: In my case, anyway, what I saw was the audio was separated.
Davicho Barona: Yep, okay.
Charlie King: to be able to keep the ethics work.
Davicho Barona: And it generated it separately, huh?
Davicho Barona: Cool. And that's probably… if you… you probably asked to generate audio, and it probably came in separately, and something I will say…
Davicho Barona: And I don't know if you guys have this yet, and I apologize if you don't, but…
Davicho Barona: We do have this timeline composer here, and again, I'm not sure if you have this yet. I'm testing it, hopefully I'm not, like…
Davicho Barona: But you can also do some quick composing here, and if you can't yet, if you don't have this available yet, you will at some point, so we're testing this out. So there will be some ability to layer different objects.
Davicho Barona: Elements in here as well, to kind of create your… your…
Davicho Barona: your advanced, maybe not Final Cut, but maybe you're almost Final Cut in here.
Davicho Barona: Directly without, without having to, to exit, the tool. So that, that would be really interesting when that happens.
Davicho Barona: Cool. What other questions can I answer? If there are no other questions to answer, I, I can go in and show a couple other things. Mostly, I wanted to,
Davicho Barona: I want to hit more on the repeatable workflow side.
Davicho Barona: But I want to first make sure to answer any other questions you guys have, since this is one of these opportunities, that folks can come in with questions and problems you're having. If it's any account-related things, I probably will direct you there, but any creative process-related stuff in here.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, please feel free to, to just ask away.
Davicho Barona: Or raise your hand, or throw it in the chat, either way.
Davicho Barona: Okay.
Davicho Barona: If there are no questions, let me find…
Davicho Barona: Where's the lighting effects? Let me find a board real quick, because I have so many.
Davicho Barona: Okay, so I want to hit this again. I keep getting more and more questions about repeatable workflows.
Davicho Barona: And… I just want to talk about a couple different ways of
Davicho Barona: making repeatable workflows. Number one, one of my favorite ways to do this, was kind of just an accidental
Davicho Barona: I just found it kind of accidentally, and I lay out… if you guys go on the Learning Center, you'll see some demo boards in there, like, if you go to the Learning Center, and you go to this section, and this is just lumilabs.ai slash learning dash center.
Davicho Barona: And you walk down a little bit, you'll see this start with a demo board section, and you'll see these demo boards in there.
Davicho Barona: These demo boards are cool, they give you a really good starting point.
Davicho Barona: I have to add a lot more in here, and I apologize for that, but these will give you a lot of really good starting points, and they all look…
Davicho Barona: very tutorial-ish, like this. So you'll have kind of, like, step-by-step walkthroughs. I do have to update some of these. And you'll see I kind of…
Davicho Barona: set out instructions, step by step. I set out these big prompts that I've crafted. I also set out my smaller prompts that, I'm, like, run instructions, basically, for these bigger, kind of more, system-ish prompts, if you will.
Davicho Barona: And so, the way I lay this out is… feels like a real tutorial, and it feels like it has step-by-step. And you go from, kind of, one all the way down. You'll even have a little playground here if you want to, test out this workflow, but…
Davicho Barona: at the end of this, it feels like maybe you're kind of stuck in here because you have to rely on this prompt, you have to rely on these prompt variables, which is all the different, like, lighting techniques themselves. If you come in here, you'll see the different instructions of how to use this, but it does feel a little bit,
Davicho Barona: not limiting, per se, but it feels like you're kind of locked in here. Like, this is the only way I can use this workflow, is coming into this board and, you know, doing it in here. But I realized that
Davicho Barona: If you do set up your boards like this, which a lot of times, I like to set things up very clearly with different steps. I do it in… I do it in all kinds of different places, like, even if I'm just making something
Davicho Barona: for myself, like, I will usually put my prompts in here, and that's… I do it by using these canvas tools down here, right? So, like, text boxes, and then the text box, I can create the frame around it, then I'll, you know, another text box, and I'll put, you know, what that is. This is a prompt, I'll bold it, you know, maybe this is much, much longer.
Davicho Barona: And blah blah blah blah, this is my whole prompt in here. So a lot of times, like, and I'll, you know, I'll put the arrows in here, or lines, or, you know, my little sticky notes in here, all these things are in your Canvas tools, which is the right side of your toolbar down here. So, using all those things, that's kind of how I put all of this together.
Davicho Barona: And once you have this, you're actually giving the model
Davicho Barona: I should say you're giving the agent a…
Davicho Barona: detailed workflow, actually. You're setting up these visual steps, but you're also writing out the prompts and the things that go into this. And…
Davicho Barona: If you just basically drag your cursor over all of the things you've set up there, especially if you've set up kind of a clean workflow, any of you guys that have clients that maybe you work on client work.
Davicho Barona: using Luma, and you set up boards like this, then you share them with your clients through here, right? You know, you add their email address in here, and you share them, you work together on a board, or whatever.
Davicho Barona: Setting up a workflow or setting up a board with these instructions is really helpful.
Davicho Barona: But if you start even doing that with your personal projects, then you have it set up for the agent to not recognize this workflow. I can literally grab everything here, doodles and everything, even some stuff that maybe I don't even really need to grab. However, it doesn't matter, the agent will parse through all of that. I grab all of that, and then as you'll, you know, you'll be able to see in your agent chat, like.
Davicho Barona: everything in here is selected, right? All of that is selected. Now, I can tell the agent.
Davicho Barona: In this case.
Davicho Barona: I just say, distill this process, this whole thing, into a repeatable work… a repeatable prompt-based workflow text document that I can use as an asset on my board, and trigger it by selecting it, and selecting any image
Davicho Barona: or video, and just saying run. So, when I say that, then it takes all the stuff that I did, which I had it selected all here, and it turns it into this text
Davicho Barona: document here. This is that workflow. Now I have, basically, a giant system prompt inside of this document that it created. Now I can select it.
Davicho Barona: select an image, just like I ordered it to, to, to,
Davicho Barona: to set up as a trigger, right, selecting it, and selecting any image or video, and saying run. So, I should be able to select it, shift-click, select any image or video, and saying run.
Davicho Barona: And when I do that, now it's unlocking, or I should say, unleashing that whole workflow, which is everything we did over here.
Davicho Barona: and unleashing it, I basically aimed it at this image and unleashed it, and now I'm getting all of those different outputs directly in here from this one particular workflow dock, as opposed to having to be locked into all of this. Now I can literally, like.
Davicho Barona: download this, bring it into another board, whatever, and again, and now I'm starting to, like.
Davicho Barona: see how I could build a library of my own workflows, right? This is just lighting effects, but I could do the same thing for all kinds of stuff. And then, the cool thing about this is not only can I just say run, but I can also tell it how to run it. So, like, in this case, for example.
Davicho Barona: I said, you know, again, select it, select my image that I'm gonna unleash it on.
Davicho Barona: and say, use all supported image models to run this workflow on this image with all the different lighting conditions. So in this case, I'm not just saying run and letting it run with Nano Banana Pro, which is what it's set to run with.
Davicho Barona: But I'm now unleashing it and saying it, run it with all the image models you have. So, of course, it does Nano Banana Pro, then it also does Nano Banana 2, then it also does GPT Image 2, and then it also does Uni 1.
Davicho Barona: Or I can just say, do it with, like, this model and that model, or lock it in in some way. In this case, down here, same document, same image, select it, select the image, and now I say, use all supported image models to run this workflow on this image with all lighting conditions, just like what I said here, but then I added, change the texture of the bear in every generation.
Davicho Barona: So now I'm doing two things. I'm doing the lighting.
Davicho Barona: Then I'm also doing the texture now.
Davicho Barona: So I have, you know, this backlighting here is also now added
Davicho Barona: a totally different texture here. Same thing here, and I'm not trying to control it. I could control every texture here, too. Like, this prompt could be pretty big, where I'm really giving it very specific instructions. In this case, I'm just trying to show you kind of the breadth of it. So, two different things. Lighting, like these god rays, for example, but also texture, like this glass
Davicho Barona: kind of prism texture. And… and then here's with Nano Banana 2.
Davicho Barona: Here's with GPT image 2. Here's with Uni 1.
Davicho Barona: Right? So now I'm basically able to run it in whatever way I want, because now it's an asset on my board, right? I'm not having to type it all out, this whole thing, I'm not having to type it all out here. It's just now an asset, and this is an asset, and now my prompt is what is going to tell it, how do you trigger this? How do you use it? Do I run it this way or that way?
Davicho Barona: So, really, really awesome way to do this, and…
Davicho Barona: for anyone that doesn't have things set up like this, which is totally common and totally okay, it doesn't need to be like this to create this workflow. This workflow can really be created based on just a very basic prompt structure.
Davicho Barona: And that is… over… in another board, which, hang on a second, I want to find it, because…
Davicho Barona: I really want to show you this.
Davicho Barona: Oh, I think it's actually right here.
Davicho Barona: Yeah. So this, and like, so this is, like, a lot of my boards look like this now. A bunch of different workflows on them.
Davicho Barona: But this… is…
Davicho Barona: how I started this whole workflow situation, was I basically had just come in and asked the agent.
Davicho Barona: Whoops, I had asked the agent, what's the best way for me to ask you for a repeatable workflow that I can aim and unpack on any asset on my board? That was my original question.
Davicho Barona: Before I even figured out the whole grab every, every, you know, item on the thing and then turn that into a workflow, this is how I started. And then it told me.
Davicho Barona: It gave me a long answer, but it really… this was the main part of the answer, is… this is the prompt that it told me to use with it, was build me a reusable workflow for outcome.
Davicho Barona: that I can trigger by giving you
Davicho Barona: input. And so that outcome can look all kinds of different ways. Like, for example, this is what the outcome could look like. Very long, right? Analyze any image, come up with a compelling ad or poster, billboard-style headline, like, this is to create
Davicho Barona: to add type headlines to any image, for example, that's what I want this workflow to be. So I have my outcome, which is, like, what do I want it to do? I have that very detailed.
Davicho Barona: And I have my trigger, which is my input. And I also have that pretty detailed, right? I wanna… my trigger needs to be to select it, and select any uploaded visual reference images, and just say run.
Davicho Barona: So…
Davicho Barona: That is what, pretty much, I would insert here, right? I would come in here, and I would insert that
Davicho Barona: This is kind of annoying. I would insert that, whoops.
Davicho Barona: That…
Davicho Barona: outcome right in here, right? Because this is kind of like the fill-in-the-blank part. So I would insert that full outcome in here, and I would insert that trigger in here. And then just so you know, this was my initial prompt.
Davicho Barona: I actually ended up, like, over time, turning that into this, which was… and I'm gonna copy this, I'm gonna drop this in the chat, because this is, like, a super…
Davicho Barona: Good prompt to have.
Davicho Barona: And then again, just fill the blanks with your own, with your own outcome, what it is that you want to do. And then here's the trigger, right? The trigger, process, and the assets, and then just saying run. So, if you fill that out, you bring that prompt in here.
Davicho Barona: Right? You fill out the outcome.
Davicho Barona: You fill out the trigger process and the assets, And you just submit.
Davicho Barona: it's gonna spit out a workflow document. Like, for example, this one was to create sports memorabilia collectible cards, out of any photo of anyone, right? And so how… that's literally how I built that, let's see if I have…
Davicho Barona: If I have that example.
Davicho Barona: somewhere handy to show you, kind of, what that… that ends up looking like, because that was one of my earliest ones that I did, was this making collectible cards, and I think I've showed it here. I think some of you were here, probably Elle, and probably Shaq, you guys were probably here for this a long time ago.
Davicho Barona: like this, like this trading card art, which I, you know, I then adapted it to make… to be able to make, like, magic cards with any kind of humor I want, and any kind of, selfie image that I want. But how I started was with these collectible cards.
Davicho Barona: where, like, I could input anybody.
Davicho Barona: and have it create, like, legit-looking sports memorabilia cards, right? And that's how I created that… that little workflow, was really just based on that same
Davicho Barona: Same prompt.
Davicho Barona: Let me see if I could find it, just so you can see it in action.
Davicho Barona: Well, it was basically, create a prompt template based on these trading cards. In this case, I actually used some… some references, like, I grabbed references, and I was like, use these as your references.
Davicho Barona: But, you don't necessarily have to do that either. You can just tell it what you want. And then I… and then I just started running that flow by selecting it.
Davicho Barona: And then selecting the… photo, which is what I outlined as the trigger, and then just saying run.
Davicho Barona: And then in here, there's all kinds of different variables, right? It'll create variables inside of that… that template that you then just have to go through and sort of figure out which one it was, because I… so I can just say, like, run it, run only preset 2, or run every preset, you know, if we go back to… to…
Davicho Barona: that understanding of, like, you can select the document, select the thing, and not just say run, but you could say, run it with this or that, you can give it these custom run instructions. Anyway…
Davicho Barona: I hope that makes sense. I'm kind of running out of time here, but I really wanted to share that again, and I'll keep sharing it with you guys as much as I… as I can, of just how to build these repeatable workflows.
Davicho Barona: And that, to me, is the easiest one. That prompt that I shared with you guys in here is the easiest and the best way to kind of do this.
Davicho Barona: Okay, any questions before I go? I hope that was helpful. I see there's some other questions. Ken, you have some… some other questions here. Yes, Michael, I will make this available offline. Just please shoot me an email, and I'll send you this recording.
Davicho Barona: And you bet. Ken, looks like you're having some, account-related stuff, which Sharky is helping you with here. Anybody else have any final thoughts or questions, before we… before we log off?
Davicho Barona: Sharky, what's up?
Davicho Barona: Did I not allow you to talk?
Davicho Barona: You know.
Davicho Barona: Shaky, did you want to say something?
Davicho Barona: Okay, cool. Okay, well, that is all that I have for you guys. Hopefully that was helpful in some way, shape, or form. And, again, if you guys have any more questions, feel free to take this offline, with Sharky, either through Discord or me through,
Davicho Barona: through email here, I'll drop this again in here if you guys need anything else.
Davicho Barona: Cool.
Davicho Barona: Thank you guys, thanks Charlie, for all those questions. Sharky, thank you for your help, and hopefully you guys with any account issues get all of that resolved, but in any case, feel free to email me, put that prompt to work, it's really quite useful.
Davicho Barona: have a back and forth with the agent on it. It'll really help you figure out, like, how to… how to really structure those kinds of repeatable workflow prompts better.
Davicho Barona: And the way I found out about it was really just asking the agent to begin with, and now I'm obsessed. So, thank you guys very, very much. Thank you, Elle. Thank you, Charlie. We'll, I'll see you guys next time. We'll be here next Wednesday.
Davicho Barona: Cheers!
Davicho Barona: Thanks, guys.
Davicho Barona: Appreciate it.